[Music]
Salam alaikum warahmatullahi oh but I
care - how're you guys doing
this is just something I've never done
before actually it's a Q & A session
where I'm looking at some of the
questions that you have put in the
community page of smart agenda which I'm
sure you've already subscribed to this
channel is a very important Channel hang
on to your seats so the first question
was what does his education consist of
and what would you recommend people just
and would he recommend people to study
philosophy a question from Norway okay
so my training or actual qualifications
in the Universities has been things like
political philosophy or other no
politics degree and focus a lot on
political philosophy history Islamic
Studies theology these kinds of
obviously these are these are the areas
that I've actually completed and
continue to do work in and and yeah
these are the and these are the things
I'm qualified and really but in terms of
do I recommend people to study
philosophy well I think that there are
some philosophies that are going to be
very important in the public discourse
so for example moral philosophy and
political philosophy in particular for
those who have a firm faith or grounding
in the faith I do recommend that those
two kinds of philosophy political
philosophy moral philosophy you could
add to a philosophy of science and you
can also add to a philosophy of religion
those four types of philosophy I think
are very important to discussion so I
would recommend if who that have a very
you know an okay understanding of the
you know a solid foundation if you like
in Islamic studies Islamic Sciences the
second question my question is what made
him decide to get involved in Dawa
and who is his biggest inspiration in
the field obviously the field of Dawa
goes back to the prophets yes so the
biggest inspirations in that sense would
be the prophets of Muhammad sallallahu
wasallam but for Abraham Moses Jesus etc
but if we're talking about like in
recent history then definitely I watch
the you know the material of Ahmed
Deedat and zakir naik and all of these
people growing up and certainly even
people and the organization working with
now like him green and hamza sources all
these individuals who preceded me in
doing the good work and I learnt from
all of those people I've learnt from
people doing Dawa in in those fields in
particular I am particularly interested
with the style of Ahmed Deedat I think
his thing is when I was younger growing
up and watching his stuff that he was a
real inspiration to me
he had that fiery kind of style which
was very strong like he he he he had
great confidence which I realized
especially in this field was the key
ingredient to success so this one this
guy wrote book recommendations book
recommendations book recommendations and
I've I've heard a lot of people ask me
there's a lot of times before I just
don't know where to start
because there's so many books you can
start with but let me let me address
like maybe give you five or ten books
and that maybe will be of use to you
which will be I think good good for you
in terms of like learning so I'd go with
obviously get a nice translation of
Quran I like the translation Abdel Halim
is very good he will Halim he's a
professor so as universities got a nice
translation I like his translation of
the Quran
in terms of my own books obviously the
one I would recommend would be Kalam
cosmological arguments because that one
has if you're interested in like the
arguments for God's existence it's got
what I think are some of the main
arguments I've written other arguments
for other books but this one is the main
one I would recommend the divine reality
of hamsa sources I think he's done a
really good job in once again in the
field of trying to prove God's existence
summarizing the key arguments the main
arguments there are other ones like to
be fair gods Undertaker by John Lennox I
think is a very good book for someone
who wants to know key arguments for
God's existence I think that he also
does a good job in that book so that's
that's for for example and therefore
God's existence these are these are the
books in terms of now moving on to the
prophethood of Muhammad al-amin and what
books would be nice in that in that
regard
maybe start with something mmm like
actually have a serie of the Prophet
Muhammad Allah Allah also with the
sealed nectar in the English language
this this book is well written if
actually I think won some prizes in
awards Mubarak for a embark War II I
don't know how they pronounce his name
but he's an Indian scholar he's written
this and it's been translated into
English and the translation is actually
quite decent I recommend so that's in
terms of ceará in terms of now the Quran
itself and some of the million Arabic
languages some really beautiful books
but I'm going to try and keep English
but in terms of the the English language
okay a book like maybe something to do
with linguistic miracles of Quran
which I think there's a book written by
Neil Robinson on on this I forget the
name of the book actually ready at some
time ago but I think it's quite good for
for for for that and Raymond Ferran has
a really interesting book on the
structures the Quran the the the
miraculous kind of structure on which is
academically RINs were very well-written
and it's based on classical works as
well so this will show you like how the
Quran is structurally coherent and stuff
like that it's a really beautiful book
so I've given you I think I've given you
eight books so far I'll give you two
more okay I'll give you two more so
we've got something on like the
linguistic miracle we've got something
on the arguments for God's existence got
some kind of process alarm let me give
you something on spirituality it is a
nice book called inner dimensions of
Prayer okay I'm Joe Zia
I think this is a very good book for
spirituality if you want to know as we
think we pray all the time or at least
we should be praying five times a day
but in terms of focusing on the inner
dimensions the spiritual aspects of
Prayer and that they have a good
translation to the English language is
very beautiful very beautiful
translation and in terms of why I also
recommend to be honest here I recommend
a book and I'll give you two more right
I recommend a book and fit or Islamic
law
I recommend obviously from just choose
the method we follow right that's why I
believe but in terms of what I thought
was useful to me the hammer light method
was a little filk translated by a hat
and hatch in his orange cover this is
pretty good introduction to humbly
effect if you're if normal happy if you
want to kind of see ray obviously
originally written by macadam and rocker
to see but he's translated well into
English so I liked it and got like
student note so you can put notes on it
on the side as well
and maybe you can get translational how
is Rp de thing is well to see to see
like a normative creed book it would be
nice to read something like that so this
is a mixed bag of things that you could
inshallah read obviously if you guys
want this is something on top of my head
but if you wanted philosophy and stuff
like that then to be honest with you
guys I'd say start with the introduction
books you know start with the
introduction books the introduction to
introduction to feminism introduction to
liberalism introduction they've got this
these small books they're very good
actually to be honest introduction to
philosophy of science with Samir al
kasha introduction to Mohammed Jonathan
Brown I just had a conversation with him
he's written one of those instruction
books introduction to feminism I forget
the name of the woman who wrote it but
it's quite good if you want to have the
depth and or some kind of understanding
in that introduction to liberalism
introduction to democracy introduction
to and so on and so forth this will give
you a good this will give you a good
background or good good introduction as
it says on the tin so yeah
start with that ok and I want to say to
you also make use of use resources
online so if you're trying to study for
example historical time piers there's
actually a really nice book is I think
it's called a brief history of the
worlds this is actually a book which
basically tries to cover encapsulate all
of world's history it's not that big is
it's actually a fun read so if you get a
chance because this will be like more
historical and yeah why not as a brief
history of the worlds is a nice book in
terms of stuffs here have some sexier
books okay and the obvious choice is to
fcm kefir ok Tessier urban kefir yeah
why not get that and whilst one the
topic of interest is why not get a bidet
inhaler but not all of it
for example the
times Khattab in Milan it's been
translated into English so you can have
the silence that they have judgments
very beautiful in glish as well
translated into English so you can get
that as well so have a tough sealed book
have something for those signs was
called eschatology you know apocalyptic
texts or eschatological texts so some
some something like the end times will
be very good
I recommend that and this book here is
very important it's called the eternal
challenge by Mohammed das it's also
another thing I forgot to mention which
is actually translated in English I
think that that will suffice for now in
Chawla obviously if I want to do a
proper reading list I've actually done
an entire like for our episode on
Islamic books write my name and put
reading list Islamic reading list I have
a massive reading list serious one but
that's for later on if your few read
those ones maybe ice parents religious
who convinced him to be a daya I mean I
would this whole concept of religiosity
like where does it start with and but I
would say my mom is religious and
practicing my father has been
oscillating from okay his life and and
you know I wouldn't consider it like
hamdulillah now he's becoming more
religious so who convinced me to be a
diet no one no human being it was just
something I wanted to do it was a
something I became but there's a there's
an interesting story my mom gives me all
the time he said before I was born like
my mom couldn't get pregnant for seven
years and then she went to the cabin
drank some Zamzam water power and this
is the legend goes and then and then she
made she went oh I that she has a son
who is a daya apparently so she said no
she made a long draw in Arabic and a
part of it was that the person because
you have it I'm I'm this her second
child so she wanted the boy sure they
had to go she made that for a boy he was
a diagnosed or of Islam and this and
and clearly that diet is still to be
answered but this is how the legend how
the legend goes explain some of the
complex words or references you uses
during debate well I mean that that's
gonna require you know some kind of
lecture or something isn't it
we have to see what kind of words we're
talking about and yeah every debate has
different things that we have to speak
about and therefore sometimes you have
some terminologies which are not known
to the lay audience but you know it's a
good opportunity for you to get a
notepad put them in your keywords and go
check them on your own time we want to
know the story of his life okay well
this is a long story and I don't I don't
know if I can I don't know where to
start where to start when it comes to
increasing our knowledge about Islam and
other topics at speakers corner
philosophy history other religions
science challenging Western values start
by the Quran so with the Quran
memorizing the Quran have a program of
memorization honestly take this
seriously if you want to take any advice
from me I'm going to give you this the
straightforward advice learn how to read
the Quran relearn how to understand the
Quran okay learn what allah subhanaw
taala is communicating to you and learn
about the Prophet SAW salem's life and
also learn something about the laws of
Allah this is a simple thing and who
Allah is this is the study of Arpita
like those those things there start with
that and spend time with that don't
think okay I've done it now I already
know it's keep going by this is advice
to me like I'm giving myself advice you
wanna really focus on those things you
know and it's if you focus on them
properly it will take you some time to
get to to get to where you want to be
you know I'll tell you one resource
which I found interesting or lie in
English language is maybe good ten years
ago now I listen to Bayon
nominally hunt that a nice pod podcast
of juice um I'm not sure of his
subsequent works or what he's been doing
since but that particular podcast I
listened to all of it it was brilliant
it was fantastic if you listen to that
particular podcast for just am it will
give you a nice beginning and I start to
Quranic studies learning about the
Arabic language certain words how it's
used he brings the Quran to life for
life does a really good job so I'd
recommend I really would recommend her
you